Okay, I still wanna make a couple more edits. Starting with on the homepage, where it says our mission in the white box, and I would like to remove that white box so the image could just be shown fully. The second thing I wanna change is on the what we do section, there's three parts, like emergency essential safety and stability, and care and healing. All three of them have a button where you can learn more about each section, but when you press the button, it takes you to the page, but it doesn't take you to the exact place where you can learn more about these specific things. So when you press these buttons, I want it to take you exactly to where the section is on the other page. And another thing I wanna change in what we do is the description, I feel like that's repetitive because it shows the three focused areas under. So write something else for the description that talks about what we do. Another thing that needs to be changed is in the How We Work section, I feel like it has too little info, especially when it says local partnership, targeted support, and transparency. I want it to at least be two sentences each instead of just a short one sentence. And also where it says, we coordinate with trusted local organizations so resources reach the right people quickly, safely, and without duplication. Take out the without duplication because I feel like that's unnecessary. Also, in the programs page, where it says emergency essential, the same thing here, the three lists are really short, one sentence. Add, make them at least two sentences each. to have more information about the emergency essentials. And also, you see that in the program page, it says emergency essential as the title, and also under the image, it also says emergency essential. And the same thing for shelter and safety under the image in the program page, it also says shelter and safety. I feel like that's a little too repetitive, so keep the title, but under the image, change it into something that goes along with the title. So a different, you know, thing right there, different word or something that corresponds or correlates with the topic to put under the image, not just repeating the topic under the image. And that goes for all three topics, medical and emotional support, shelter and safety, and emergency essential. So keep the title, but remove, I mean, change the wording. On the image next to it.